Create ADR-0008 Integration events.md (#145)
Energinet-DataHub/green-energy-hub: docs/architecture-decision-record/ADR-0008 Integration events.md

# ADR-0008 Integration events with protocol buffers

* Status: accepted
* Deciders: @sondergaard, @MartinFHansen
* Date: 2021-08-23

This document describes how integration events are defined, distributed and consumed in the system architecture of GreenEnergyHub.

## Defining integration events

All integration events are defined as [protocol buffer contracts](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers "Protocol Buffers | Google Developers"). By using this message technology, we get some benefits.

* Strong contracts
* Supports new fields fields to existing contracts
* Tooling that supports the programming languages used in GreenEnergyHub
* Fast and efficient (de)serializing
* Binary format that is fast to transmit over the wire

### Designing contracts

> When a contract is made public available it's considered final. This means that all modifications to the contract is backwards compatible. You are allowed to add new fields to a contract. Ordering of fields, data types, removal of fields etc. are considered breaking changes. If a breaking change is unavoidable then the contract should be duplicated and given a new name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a contract is made public available it's considered final. This means that all future modifications to the contract must be backwards compatible. You are allowed to add new fields to a contract. Ordering of fields, data types, removal of fields etc. are considered breaking changes. If a breaking change is unavoidable then the contract must be duplicated and given a new name.
```

Reviewer: Can you provide a guideline on the naming convension of duplicated contracts - e.g. <existing-contract-name>-v2?
